Oh, Xiumei!
I heard Lily is back
I specially brought Xia Zhu to say hello
Lily, it's you, Zhang Yi
I can't believe five years have passed
He's in such good shape
Five children are too tired for him
I'm pissed off.
Oh, this lily is so filial
Buy you such a big necklace.
How much would you say it would cost?
These?
It's not worth mentioning to our lily
Little pig, go up and say hello
Aunt Wang
Long time no see Lily
It's amazing that I have to work part-time at night
Oh, what's the hurry to leave?
How promising are the lilies now?
Or you go and beg him
Let him help you in the early summer
I heard that you gave birth to 5 Tuoyou bottles in one go
Want me to help?
Don't hide it
They're not Doyo bottles.
They are all my babies
Xia Zhu, don't be angry
It's not easy for you to raise children alone these years
In fact, he loves you very much
Mom, what do you mean?
Since the child can't be found
You ask Xia Zhu to give you another one.
Go to rest assured
Xia Zhu
I remember when you were stronger than me everywhere
Now I have come to such a field to take care of my children
All turned into a yellow-faced woman
Oops, Xia Zhu
Look at the lily, thank you, they are caring about you
It should be
How about this, Xia Zhu?
You gave me a child to raise
I'll help you lighten the burden.
What? You want me to sell children?
Lower Lily, are you crazy?